This project simulates the structures and processes used by both an Operating System and a Central Processing Unit to implement memory virtualization for a 16 bitvirtual address space which employs a page size of 256 bytes.


The application provides the following functionality.

1. Allocates a block of memory sufficient to store bytes for the full system address space of 65536 bytes

2. Creates a Page Table for a single process. The page table is 512 bytes in size and hold 256 page table entrys each of 2 bytes in size.The page table is to be stored in the first 512 bytes of memory allocated in step 1. The first 2 page table entries do not map to a frame and map to disk. after that each page maps to a frame that is 2 values above the virtual page number.

3. Randomly written are between 2048 and 20480 bytes of data belonging to the a simulated process previously created. Both the content and locations of these bytes are psudeo randomised

4. Written to file data/physical_memory.txt displays the contents of the simulation of physical memory in linear, readable form. Labelled are the memory addresses that are not used.

5. Written to file data/page_table.txtwhich displays the contents of the simulated page tablein linear, readable form.

6. A user can Add 2 entries to the Page Table which point to pages which are not stored in your simulated physicalmemory, and store content for these pages in the solution’s data folder You should print 1 virtual address from each of these pages, clearly labelled, to the console.

7. The application Prints to the console, a human-readabledescription of the structure of a single page table entry that i have selected to use.

8. Displays a prompt which allows the user to enter any virtual memory address in the system, in hexadecimalform.

A. Verbosely described are the tasks it completes to translate the entered virtual address to its physical counterpart, and display the data stored at that physical address. If  the  address  is  not  used,  this  should  be  shown.  If  the  address  is  not  in  the  simulation  of  physical  memory, appropriate steps should be taken to load the memory fromits alternative location, then complete the process.


B. Displays a prompt which allows the user to enter any virtual memory address in your system, in hexadecimalform (i.e. this prompt should loop). It is acceptable for you solution to continue to run until a CTRL + C is issued by the user. 

9. Written output files  are added to a directory named data which is nested under the root directory.




